So this is the first challenge I will be solving which could be mind numbing.
Till now I have only used the Ghidra on it.

I took the code and simplified it with the help of chatgpt so make it readable. 
There are two files : -
1. encrypt : - which is an ELF executable
2. flag.enc : - which is generated by the encrypt

#### The Program 

So the encrypt is doing the following steps to encrypt the file : -
1. First it reads the content of the flag file.
2. Then it initials a variable ==seed==
3. **Then uses srand(seed)** 
4. Then it does a for loop with each character in the flag : - 
	1. Character undergoes an XOR operation with a rand() integer
	2. Then it generates a shift variable using rand() % 7 
	3. The the bitwise left-rotation takes place with the shift amount
5. The above Randomness is seeded and it put in the flag.enc as the first 4 bytes.
6. Then the rest of the content of the flag goes in

#### Solution

So basically to decrypt this we fill first set up the seeded Randomness and generate all the random numbers that have been generated and keep it in an array.
To understand how many times to run can be determined using (len(flag.enc)-4). 
After this since each one goes under two operations of randomness then we will take the 2 times of that length in the array. 
Then we will first do the right shift then XOR then write.

So what I learnt from this : - 
1. Don't always expect python code for everything
2. Think Low Level, Be Low Level ---> Reverse Engineer

Here the Python code did not work, nor the chatgpt, I told it to make a C code and then voila, it started working.